IfcCommunicationsAppliance Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T07:21:13.7228368Z (#177)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/d/DataTransmissionUnitUsage_33Z4KU$Gv1RhPZvo_1CDMa/Documentation.md

> Indicates the usage of the data transmission unit. It can be used to transmit data for different type of sensors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates the usage of the data transmission unit. It can be used to transmit data for different types of sensors.
```

> Indicates the usage of the data transmission unit. It is can be used to transmitt data for different type of sensors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Indicates the usage of the data transmission unit. It can be used to transmit data for different type of sensors.
```
